README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Hi there, I'm Ellen Liu 👋</h1>
  <p>
    <b>English</b> | 
    <a href="README_CN.md">简体中文</a>
  </p>
</div>


## 🧠 Tech Stack & Expertise

My roadmap to build next-gen enterprise system involving full-stack AI engineering, cloud infrastructure, and model deployment.

```mermaid
graph TD
    %% Root Node
    Core[Architecture Competency Matrix]:::root
    
    %% Level 1 Branches
    Arch[Enterprise Architecture]:::branch
    AI[AI & Data Engineering]:::branch
    Cloud[Cloud Native & DevOps]:::branch
    
    Core --> Arch
    Core --> AI
    Core --> Cloud

    %% Enterprise Architecture
    Arch --> Java[Java Ecosystem & Spring]
    Arch --> Dist[Distributed Systems / Kafka]
    Arch --> Micro[High Availability Design]

    %% AI & Data Engineering
    AI --> LLM[RAG & LLM Systems]
    AI --> Serving[Model Serving & Optimization]
    AI --> DataPipe[Data Pipelines / Spark]

    %% Cloud Native & DevOps
    Cloud --> K8s[Kubernetes / OpenShift]
    Cloud --> Obs[Observability / OpenTelemetry]
    Cloud --> CICD[CI/CD Pipelines]

    %% Styling
    classDef root fill:#fff,stroke:#333,stroke-width:3px,font-size:15px;
    classDef branch fill:#f4f4f4,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,font-size:13px;
```

## 🚀 Highlighted Works

- **Open Source AI**: [BERT-based Claim Detection Model](https://huggingface.co/XiaojingEllen/bert-finetuned-claim-detection) (Apache-2.0)
  - *Used and cited by University of British Columbia (UBC) research.*
  - *Hand-written Transformer implementation to verify theoretical engineering consistency.*
- **FinTech Infrastructure**: Built 0-to-1 digital banking middleware and intelligent insurance claim systems.

## 🌐 Connect
<div align="center">
  <p><i>Lets connect and build the future of AI Infrastructure!</i></p>
</div>

Commit message:

automation: implement daily ArXiv paper tracking system

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Hi there, I'm Ellen Liu 👋</h1>
  <p>
    <b>English</b> | 
    <a href="README_CN.md">简体中文</a>
  </p>
</div>


## 🧠 Tech Stack & Expertise

My roadmap to build next-gen enterprise system involving full-stack AI engineering, cloud infrastructure, and model deployment.

```mermaid
graph TD
    %% Root Node
    Core[Architecture Competency Matrix]:::root
    
    %% Level 1 Branches
    Arch[Enterprise Architecture]:::branch
    AI[AI & Data Engineering]:::branch
    Cloud[Cloud Native & DevOps]:::branch
    
    Core --> Arch
    Core --> AI
    Core --> Cloud

    %% Enterprise Architecture
    Arch --> Java[Java Ecosystem & Spring]
    Arch --> Dist[Distributed Systems / Kafka]
    Arch --> Micro[High Availability Design]

    %% AI & Data Engineering
    AI --> LLM[RAG & LLM Systems]
    AI --> Serving[Model Serving & Optimization]
    AI --> DataPipe[Data Pipelines / Spark]

    %% Cloud Native & DevOps
    Cloud --> K8s[Kubernetes / OpenShift]
    Cloud --> Obs[Observability / OpenTelemetry]
    Cloud --> CICD[CI/CD Pipelines]
    %% Styling
    classDef root fill:#fff,stroke:#333,stroke-width:3px,font-size:15px;
    classDef branch fill:#f4f4f4,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,font-size:13px;
```
## 🚀 Highlighted Works

- **Open Source AI**: [BERT-based Claim Detection Model](https://huggingface.co/XiaojingEllen/bert-finetuned-claim-detection) (Apache-2.0)
  - *Used and cited by University of British Columbia (UBC) research.*
  - *Hand-written Transformer implementation to verify theoretical engineering consistency.*
- **FinTech Infrastructure**: Built 0-to-1 digital banking middleware and intelligent insurance claim systems.

## 📑 Daily ArXiv Summary
<!-- DAILY_ARXIV_SUMMARY_START -->
**Updated on: 2025-12-02**

1. [Four Over Six: More Accurate NVFP4 Quantization with Adaptive Block Scaling](http://arxiv.org/abs/2512.02010v1)

2. [The Art of Scaling Test-Time Compute for Large Language Models](http://arxiv.org/abs/2512.02008v1)

3. [AlignSAE: Concept-Aligned Sparse Autoencoders](http://arxiv.org/abs/2512.02004v1)


<!-- DAILY_ARXIV_SUMMARY_END -->

## 🌐 Connect
<div align="center">
  <p><i>Lets connect and build the future of AI Infrastructure!</i></p>
</div>
